OADP-5512-Added OADP 1.5.0 release note structure (#92230)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/changes-from-oadp-1-4-to-1-5.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT

[id="changes-from-oadp-1-4-to-1-5_{context}"]
= Changes from OADP 1.4 to 1.5

The Velero server has been updated from version 1.14 to 1.16. Note that there are no changes in the Data Protection Application (DPA).

This changes the following:

Version Support changes::

> OADP will implement a streamlined version support policy. Red Hat will support only one version of {oadp-first} on one {OCP-short} version to ensure better stability and maintainability. {oadp-first} 1.5.0 will be supported only on {OCP-short} 4.19 version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{oadp-full} implements a streamlined version support policy. Red Hat supports only one version of {oadp-first} on one {OCP-short} version to ensure better stability and maintainability. {oadp-short} 1.5.0 is only supported on {OCP-short} 4.19 version.
```

Author: Yup, 100%
